Welcome back.
In this video, we're going to be seeing one of the most important concept that we're going to be using
throughout the course, and that is modules.
Modules are very important in JavaScript as such, especially when we are using the new form of JavaScript
where everything happens in Malawi and this is the main concept and Webpack back as well.
Now if you are already familiar with the modules, you can skip this particular lecture and also the
next one in this we are going to be covering the six modules as well as the commandeers format of the
modules.
So first of all, let's have a look at what are the different types of modules that were available and
still available in JavaScript.
So as you can see here, there are multiple type of module formats we have.
The Commons is module format with use the required keyword.
Then we had the Emacs 2015 format which had the import and export.
You have the AMD format which are defined and acquired.
Then in courses and access you have the ACT import format and this is also following concept of modules
synthesis.
Now you also can be having the concept of module for image references.
We are going to be seeing this shortly where we are going to be importing the images and other assets
directly in our JavaScript files.
So that is about the different types of modules.
And in this video and the next one, we are going to be covering two important ones.
One is the common yes and then the important, the export of the iMac script 2015.
All right.
So with that said, let's head over to our coding platform, which is Vsco.
And we are going to be starting off creating this folder.
We are going to be starting off for the required year format because this was introduced earlier and
it is natively supported by Node.js.
So what I want you to be doing is go ahead and create a new folder.
Let's give this a name as modules.
And in this we are going to be learning a couple of concepts of modules.
So let me just give this theme.
All right.
So in this, the concept is we are creating entry file.
We are going to be calling this as mean dogs.
And in this we are going to be creating a folder and called this as functions.
So the concept is we are going to be creating couple of functions in this folder and we are going to
be calling those functions in the main dogs file.
The main thing that we will need to learn is what are the different ways of declaring the functions
and importing them and exporting them as well.
So let's add all to the functions folder.
Create a new file.
Let's call this says add dot gees and we are going to be having another file called as Subtract Dot
Jesus.
All right.
As the name suggests, we are going to be adding a small function here.
So let's call this function add.
And we are going to be returning the value of E!
Edition with B.
So that's a plus B, pretty straightforward.
We are going to be doing the same thing and subtract as well.
So let's do that file, rename this as subtract and then it's just going to be replaced with a minus.
All right.
So the implementation is not important.
The main concept that we are learning here is of modules.
Now, to be using these functions in the main dogs, using the acquired keyword, we need to first exporting
these from the particular files.
Now to be exporting them.
We are going to be using the module dart export.
So that's module dart export and that is equal to the function name that is ADD.
That said, actually.
And you have seen this already in the file that we created earlier.
Now, if you go to the subtract file as well, we can be just putting this or that as well.
So I will say module dart export equal to subtract.
All right.
Pretty straightforward.
Let's hello to our main dodges and start using these functions.
So for importing this functions, we can act as const equals to required.
So this is the keyword that we are using for importing the modules and then we can head over to the
functions slash add.
All right.
We have this function available or here.
Now, to be calling this function, we can just say add one comma, two, for example.
And if you go to our terminal, make sure that you're in the right folder.
So right now I'm in the main folder, I need to be going to the modules folder to that CD dot modules.
All right.
Now, to be executing a node command, you can just put up node and then the file that is me introduce
and we do execute it but will not see any output.
So we need to be also controlling log this output.
So I'm just going to be adding it as constant output and then we can console dot log this output.
All right.
Let's try to run that once again.
And in fact, we see that the answer is three.
All right.
So this is a very basic implementation of required.
Now, in this case, we were just exporting one particular function, one of the multiple functions.
How do you export multiple functions from a single file?
So let's have example from that audience.
We are also exporting another function, maybe add and multiply by some number.
So that's a very strange example.
But for now, let's just take it.
So let's say a function add and multiply.
So that's our function.
So what it's going to be doing it.
It's going to be taking a number and it's going to be taking two numbers, basically.
And the third one is going to be the one that is going to be multiplied.
So how does this return?
So we're going to be returning.
E plus B into C.
All right.
So that is it.
Now, how do we export this particular function that we have just created now to be exporting multiple
functions?
We need to be converting this into a named export.
Now, what I mean by name exporters, we just need to be creating an object over here and we're going
to be naming the export.
So we'll say, I want to be exporting a function called desired.
And what is the function that is going to be exported?
It is dysfunctional as well.
So you can just say and now we can have another one that is added and multiply.
So let's suppose we want to be giving this a different name so I can say add and multiply instead of,
you know, just and multiply.
So I'll just say and multiply.
My the fly.
Let me fix their spelling quickly.
And that looks good.
And the second parameter or the value is going to be the actual function name.
So I just copied and pasted right here.
All right.
So that is your named export.
Now, if you want to be importing this into the mean or there, it's going to be a slight difference
here as well.
Now, to be importing it, we are going to be replacing this with an object as well.
And we need to be specifying the name that was exported from here.
So in this case, the two names that we exported will add and this one.
The second one is add and multiply.
So let's try to find that.
So if I say ADD.
So that's the first one.
And the second was add and multiply.
So that's right there.
Now, if I want to be using this as before, we can just say add and multiply.
So this is the third one.
Now is basically the it should be adding these 2/1 two values.
So that is three and multiply by three.
So the answer should be nine.
So let's try to execute that.
And we do see the answer as nine.
So that looks pretty good.
All right.
So that was about how you can be doing the named expert.
Know a shortcut here.
Let's suppose you want to be exporting the name as the name of the function itself.
So for example, here we have put up add an ad, you can use a shortcut.
So what you can do here is you do not need to be specifying the second parameter.
You just need to specify one parameter.
So this means that I'm exporting the same name as what is the function name?
So same thing over here.
Let's suppose we do not want to be changing the name.
What you can do is just remove all of this and just keep it like this.
All right?
So this simplifies your output as well.
Now, for example, if I come here, I need to be fixing this since this is not going to be found anymore.
So if I just say add and multiply, so that is going to be found.
Now, I can use this right here.
So that was about how you're going to be exporting the modules using the common GSC format.
Okay.
So that is about it.
Now there's also one additional thing that I would like to show you in common.
Yes.
And also in the new format, that is the A6 format.
Now what you can be doing is let's suppose you have a lot of function that is just e add and subtract.
Let's suppose you're creating a whole math library where you have multiplication, division factorial
and so on.
So in that case, when you want to be importing, it's going to be a lot of headache, right?
So what you have to do is every time I want to use subtract, I need to see as cost, subtract equals
to require and then go to that function and then select subtract.
So you can imagine that how many of the libraries we are, how many lines are going to be there for
the import?
It's going to be very tedious to maintain.
Right?
So what generally people do is what they can do is they're going to be creating a new file in functions
and call this as index dodgers.
So this is basically your entry file.
Now what I'm going to be doing, what we heard is instead of importing all of this into the main file,
I'm going to be importing all the rest of the functions in this index Dodgers file.
I'll say const add equals to required and then in here as here slash add.
Now I need to be first fixing my Dodgers.
So instead of making it a named export, let's just revert back.
I'm going to be deleting of this function that we had created.
And just make it as a default export as it was that earlier.
Just like that.
All right.
Going back to our index dodgers.
So let's try to import this add functions so we can just say add.
All right.
Now we have the ADD function here.
So anything we can do for this, subtract as well.
See a required dot slash subtract.
Cool.
So we have both of the things here.
Now we are going to be exporting.
So I say a module.
DART exports.
And from here, I'm going to be doing a named export.
So I'll say add, comma, subtract.
All right.
Now, if I go back to I mean, dodges, I'm not going to be including this ad file as passé.
So what I'm going to be doing is I remove all of this, I say convert, and this is, again, going
to be a named import.
But this time I'm not going to be importing from the individual files.
Rather, I'm going to be importing from the index file that we just created.
So I say equals to required that da slash functions.
Now if you notice one more thing, we are not put up slash index ideas.
Now by default when you use the required keyword indexed, gorgias is going to be pulled by default.
That is how it works.
So I can just say dot slash functions and it knows I need to be going to the index to just file nine
here.
You can find the function that we had created.
So these were the act and the subtract function that were exported from there.
They can just say add comma, subtract, call, and I can just use that and make sure that things are
working as expected.
So let's save that clear console and try to run it once again.
And yes, in fact, we can see that the R numbers are added.
Cool.
So that works.
Now, one last feature that I'd like to show you regarding the required keyword are generally importing
and exporting.
Let's suppose you want to be giving out an alias name.
Let's suppose you have another function over here is called as function.
And.
All right, so you have another function and it does something else.
For example, let's suppose just console or log.
Hello, or something like that.
So in this case, you can see that we have a conflict between this and this function.
So our output will be all messed up.
So what we need to be doing this or what you can do is you can give this analysis.
So to do an alias, you can say you can put up a column and say add numbers.
So you can give it any value that you like, any variable that you like.
And now whenever you want to be calling this particular function here, instead of saying ADD, you
say add numbers and whenever you want to be calling this particular function.
So for example, I'm calling this function, so I'll just call it with the keyword.
All right.
Now let's try to execute this.
So as you can see or here we see the output of hello with the wrong spelling and the output that was
the addition of those two numbers.
Okay, so I'm done with this particular requir key word and you see an example of how things are being
imported and exported from the files.
Now, this is very important to understand, not just for the attack, but in general when you're working
with JavaScript, this is going to be a very core concept.
Now let's take a short break, and we're going to be exploring the new format of import and export and
how those things work with regards to the same example that we're seeing here.
Now, once again, if you're already familiar with this, you can go ahead and skip the next video as
well.
All right.
Let's take a short break and see you in the next video.